NICTA Beamer Presentation Template
https://forge.nicta.com.au/projects/nictabeamer/

Installation:
------------- 
The Beamer templates and support files need to be in the path that LaTeX will
search when compiling your slides.  If in doubt, consult your IT support group
for further guidance.

Unix (tested under Linux only):
A Makefile will install all the files for you. A simple invocation of "make
install" will install the files in /usr/local/share/texmf/, in the subtree
tex/latex/beamer. You can modify the destination by specifying the texmf tree
into which you want to install the files e.g., "make install
TEXMFHOME=/usr/share/texmf-site" or "make TEXMFHOME=~/.texmf install". The first two
commands will install the template globally an are likely to require superuser
rights. The latter will install the files in your user's texmf tree. For LaTeX
to properly find it afterwards, you need to set the environment variable
TEXMFHOME to point to this directory (or any other you may have chosen).

Mac OS X
  * using fink teTeX/LaTeX or TeXshop: The Makefile _should_ work. Just issue
    a "make TEXMFHOME=~/Library/texmf install".
  * texlive-latex from MacPorts: same as for Unix above (thanks to Fabien
    Tricoire for reporting this).
Please report any issue to Olivier (see below). Contributions are welcome for other methods to integrate this with other
versions of latex for OSX.

Windows: 
Put the contents of the current directory in the directory you are working
in (or make soft links). Any MiKTeX users who would like to contribute
directions here would be welcome to do so.

Instructions for using the NICTA beamer template:
-------------------------------------------------
The template file is called NICTACorporatePresentation.tex and it can be
compiled by "pdflatex NICTACorporatePresentation.tex" and then use xpdf or
acroread to view. There is also an example file called beamerexample1.tex which
can be compiled similarly.

If the template does not compile, you can read the beginning of the file
NICTACorporatePresentation.tex to see what latex packages versions you need to
have on your system for beamer to work. There is a counter called
bannerverticalscale inside NICTACorporatePresentation.tex which can be modified
to change the width of the NICTA banner bars. You can also use latex and then
dvips (instead of pdflatex) to compile but it will create larger resulting
presentation file since the much larger ps image files will be used instead of
png image files. 

As of 2010, a new Nicta theme (“grey bars”) has been added, to match the
posters. The previous theme (“green curves”) is still available. The 'oldtheme'
option can be specified to use it.

As of June 2011 (though it took until early 2012 for the template to be
updated), a new members and partners list with updated logos is in place. For
backward compatibility, it is not activated by default. The 'partners20110620'
option can be specified to activate this new banner.

Further info:
-------------
The beamer class files and other related files and the beamer user guide can be
downloaded from 
	http://latex-beamer.sourceforge.net/

Authors:
--------
 - Anthony. anthony.mak@nicta.com.au. March 2005.
 - Olivier, olivier.mehani@nicta.com.au, October 2008
	new Nicta artwork and layout
	a bit of code cleanup
	adaptation to TeXlive
 - Olivier, October 2010
        *really* use Nicta green for titles
        new Nicta theme, added 'oldtheme' option
 - Olivier, January 2011
	new partners list and logos ('partners20110620' option)
 - William Uther, December 2010
	theme closer to Comm's template
 - Olivier, August 2012
	merge styles
	option 'partners20110620' now default (and removed), option
		'partners2008ish' enables old partners logos
	option 'pagenum' can be used to (dis)able the page numbering
	option 'sidebar' can be used to (dis)able the sidebar
	2008(ish) theme now obtainable through option 'theme2008'
	2010 (TechFest) theme now obtainable through option 'techfest2010'

Special Thanks (from Anthony):
------------------------------
Much helps received from Andrew Slater and Michael Norrish for giving
suggestions, Olivier Buffet for teaching me latex, and Douglas Aberdeen for
putting the title in the green bar.
